[Merged by Bors] - Update READMEs (#36)
stackabletech/stackable-cockpit: src/README.md

# stackable

Stackable library powering the `stackablectl` CLI tool and `stackabled` API server. The components are:

- `cluster`: Cluster-related functions and data structures. Currently two kind of cluster orchestration tools are
  supported:
  - kind
  - minikube
- `common`: Some commonly used types, like `List` and `ManifestSpec`
- `platform`: Stackable Data Platform related code:
  - `demo`: Demo related functions and types
  - `operator`: Module containing operator related types and functions to install these components using Helm
  - `release`: Module containing the `ReleaseSpec` and installation methods which install individual operators

>   - `stack`: Stacks describe commonly used collections of operators, provides methods to install complete stacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `stack`: Stacks describe commonly used collections of data tools, provides methods to install complete stacks
```
